slate/source/includes/introduction/_intro.md, before:


```diff
The Version Delta tab can be used to see in context changes between this version of the standards and the immediately previous version of the standards.

This text is an example of a new addition to the standards:
+ New text added here

This text is an example of text removed from the standards:
- Old text removed

Note: changes to request and response payloads are listed at the beginning of the relevant API section due to the documentation being auto generated from OpenAPI specification files.
```

These standards have been developed as part of the Australian Government's introduction of the [Consumer Data Right](https://www.accc.gov.au/focus-areas/consumer-data-right "ACCC Consumer Data Right webpage") legislation to give Australians greater control over their data.

The Consumer Data Right (CDR) is intended to be applied sector by sector across the whole economy, beginning in the banking, energy and telecommunications sectors.  These standards have been developed to facilitate the Consumer Data Right by acting as a specific baseline for implementation.

These standards are maintained by the Data Standards Body (DSB), with the Data Standards Chair as the decision maker.  The DSB is part of the [Treasury](https://www.directory.gov.au/portfolios/treasury/data-standards-body "Data Standards Body"). The work of standards development is conducted in consultation with the [Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC)](https://www.accc.gov.au/focus-areas/consumer-data-right-cdr-0 "ACCC's CDR webpage") as co-regulator of the Consumer Data Right, along with the [Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)](https://www.oaic.gov.au/consumer-data-right/about-the-consumer-data-right/ "OAIC CDR webpage").

The standards are required to be published. The obligations on CDR participants to apply the published standards commence on the commencement of the Consumer Data Right rules:

- where the rules require compliance with the standards, non-compliance with the standards may constitute a breach of the rules.
- where the standards are specified as binding standards as required by the Consumer Data Right rules for the purposes of s56FA of the legislation, they apply as under contract between a data holder and an accredited data recipient.  The legal effect of binding standards as between data holders and accredited data recipients is fully set out in s56FD and s56FE of the legislation.


## Version

These standards represent version 1.18.0 of the high level standards.  See the [versioning section](#versioning) for more information on how versions are managed in the standard.

## Interpretation

Note that, in these standards, the key words **MUST**, **MUST NOT**, **REQUIRED**, **SHALL**, **SHALL NOT**, **SHOULD**, **SHOULD NOT**, **RECOMMENDED**, **MAY**, and **OPTIONAL** are to be interpreted as described in **[[RFC2119]](#nref-RFC2119)**.

Commit message:

Standards Maintenance Issue 511: Updated the use of RFC2119 Requirement Level keywords to be consistently bold and uppercase

slate/source/includes/introduction/_intro.md, after:


```diff
The Version Delta tab can be used to see in context changes between this version of the standards and the immediately previous version of the standards.

This text is an example of a new addition to the standards:
+ New text added here

This text is an example of text removed from the standards:
- Old text removed

Note: changes to request and response payloads are listed at the beginning of the relevant API section due to the documentation being auto generated from OpenAPI specification files.
```

These standards have been developed as part of the Australian Government's introduction of the [Consumer Data Right](https://www.accc.gov.au/focus-areas/consumer-data-right "ACCC Consumer Data Right webpage") legislation to give Australians greater control over their data.

The Consumer Data Right (CDR) is intended to be applied sector by sector across the whole economy, beginning in the banking, energy and telecommunications sectors.  These standards have been developed to facilitate the Consumer Data Right by acting as a specific baseline for implementation.

These standards are maintained by the Data Standards Body (DSB), with the Data Standards Chair as the decision maker.  The DSB is part of the [Treasury](https://www.directory.gov.au/portfolios/treasury/data-standards-body "Data Standards Body"). The work of standards development is conducted in consultation with the [Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC)](https://www.accc.gov.au/focus-areas/consumer-data-right-cdr-0 "ACCC's CDR webpage") as co-regulator of the Consumer Data Right, along with the [Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)](https://www.oaic.gov.au/consumer-data-right/about-the-consumer-data-right/ "OAIC CDR webpage").

The standards are required to be published. The obligations on CDR participants to apply the published standards commence on the commencement of the Consumer Data Right rules:

- where the rules require compliance with the standards, non-compliance with the standards may constitute a breach of the rules.
- where the standards are specified as binding standards as required by the Consumer Data Right rules for the purposes of s56FA of the legislation, they apply as under contract between a data holder and an accredited data recipient.  The legal effect of binding standards as between data holders and accredited data recipients is fully set out in s56FD and s56FE of the legislation.


## Version

These standards represent version 1.18.0 of the high level standards.  See the [versioning section](#versioning) for more information on how versions are managed in the standard.

## Interpretation

```diff
Updated all usages of RFC2119 keywords to be capitalised and emboldened.
```

Note that, in these standards, the key words **MUST**, **MUST NOT**, **REQUIRED**, **SHALL**, **SHALL NOT**, **SHOULD**, **SHOULD NOT**, **RECOMMENDED**, **MAY**, and **OPTIONAL** are to be interpreted as described in **[[RFC2119]](#nref-RFC2119)**.
