slate/source/includes/cx_standards/authentication.md, before:

<h2 class="schema-heading" id="consumer-experience_authentication-standards">Authentication Standards</h2>

<h3 class="schema-toc" data-cds-menu="h3" id="consumer-experience_common-authentication-standards">Common Authentication Standards</h3>

|Area|CX Standard|
|-------------------|------------------------------|
|**Authentication:**<br>App Install|Data holders **MAY** invite consumers using 'Redirect to Web' flows to install the data holder app used for the purposes of CDR authentication. This invitation **MUST NOT** introduce unwarranted friction.|
|**Authentication:**<br >Passwords|<p>Data holders and data recipients **MUST** state in consumer-facing interactions and communications that third parties do not need consumer passwords to access CDR data. The exact phrasing of this is at the discretion of the data holder and data recipient.</p><p>**Note:** In this context, 'third parties' refers to entities on the ADR-side and does not include any third parties that the data holder may engage.</p>|
|**Authentication:**<br>Friction|<p>Data holders **MUST NOT** introduce unwarranted friction into the authentication process.</p><p>In line with CDR Rule 4.24 on restrictions when asking CDR consumers to authorise the disclosure of CDR data, unwarranted friction for authentication flows and methods is considered to include, but is not limited to:<br><ul><li>The addition of any requirements beyond normal data holder practices for authenticating the consumer including, but not limited to, One Time Password (OTP) verification code delivery.</li><li>Providing or requesting additional information beyond normal data holder practices for authenticating the consumer including, but not limited to, OTP verification code delivery.</li><li>Offering additional or alternative services.</li><li>Referencing or including other documents.</li></ul></p>|


<h3 class="schema-toc" data-cds-menu="h3" id="consumer-experience_redirect-to-web-with-one-time-password">Redirect to Web with One Time Password (OTP)</h3>

|Area|CX Standard|
|-------------------|------------------------------|
|**Authentication:**<br>Password Link|Data holders **MUST NOT** include forgotten details links in redirect screens.|
|**Authentication:**<br>OTP Expiry|Data holders **MUST** communicate the expiry period of the OTP to the consumer in the authentication flow.|

<h3 class="schema-toc" data-cds-menu="h3" id="consumer-experience_redirect-to-app">Redirect to App</h3>

|Area|CX Standard|
|-------------------|------------------------------|
|**Authentication:**<br>Steps|Where a data holder implements Redirect to App, the authentication flow and method **MUST NOT** involve more steps than the consumer would reasonably encounter when logging in to the data holder's app for non-CDR purposes, unless otherwise specified in the data standards.|

Commit message:

Standards issue 374: Minimum baseline security uplift changes

slate/source/includes/cx_standards/authentication.md, after:

<h2 class="schema-heading" id="consumer-experience_authentication-standards">Authentication Standards</h2>

<h3 class="schema-toc" data-cds-menu="h3" id="consumer-experience_common-authentication-standards">Common Authentication Standards</h3>

|Area|CX Standard|
|-------------------|------------------------------|
|**Authentication:**<br>Digital Onboarding|Data holders **MAY** invite consumers using 'Redirect to Web' flows to create an online account or install the data holder app used for the purposes of CDR authentication. This invitation **MUST NOT** introduce unwarranted friction.|
|**Authentication:**<br >Passwords|<p>Data holders and data recipients **MUST** state in consumer-facing interactions and communications that third parties do not need consumer passwords to access CDR data. The exact phrasing of this is at the discretion of the data holder and data recipient.</p><p>**Note:** In this context, 'third parties' refers to entities on the ADR-side and does not include any third parties that the data holder may engage.</p>|
|**Authentication:**<br>Friction|<p>Data holders **MUST NOT** introduce unwarranted friction into the authentication process.</p><p>In line with CDR Rule 4.24 on restrictions when asking CDR consumers to authorise the disclosure of CDR data, unwarranted friction for authentication flows and methods is considered to include, but is not limited to:<br><ul><li>The addition of any requirements beyond normal data holder practices for authenticating the consumer including, but not limited to, One Time Password (OTP) verification code delivery.</li><li>Providing or requesting additional information beyond normal data holder practices for authenticating the consumer including, but not limited to, OTP verification code delivery.</li><li>Offering additional or alternative services.</li><li>Referencing or including other documents.</li></ul></p>|
|**Authentication:**<br >Accessible authentication|<p>When implementing CDR authentication, data holders **SHOULD** ensure compliance with relevant accessibility standards, in particular WCAG 2.2 Success Criteria 3.3.8 and 3.3.9, to support accessible and inclusive authentication experiences.</p>|


<h3 class="schema-toc" data-cds-menu="h3" id="consumer-experience_redirect-to-web-with-one-time-password">Redirect to Web with One Time Password (OTP)</h3>

|Area|CX Standard|
|-------------------|------------------------------|
|**Authentication:**<br>Password Link|Data holders **MUST NOT** include forgotten details links in redirect screens.|
|**Authentication:**<br>OTP Expiry|Data holders **MUST** communicate the expiry period of the OTP to the consumer in the authentication flow.|

<h3 class="schema-toc" data-cds-menu="h3" id="consumer-experience_redirect-to-app">Redirect to App</h3>

|Area|CX Standard|
|-------------------|------------------------------|
|**Authentication:**<br>Steps|Where a data holder implements Redirect to App, the authentication flow and method **MUST NOT** involve more steps than the consumer would reasonably encounter when logging in to the data holder's app for non-CDR purposes, unless otherwise specified in the data standards.|
