slate/source/includes/security/_authentication_flows.md, before:

## Authentication Flows
This profile supports the authentication flows specified by [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html) **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)** as constrained further by **[[FAPI]](#iref-FAPI)**.


Authorization Code Flow outlined at [section 3.1](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth) of **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)** is supported.

**Until May 12th 2025**, Data Holders **MAY** support OIDC Hybrid Flow outlined at [section 3.3](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#HybridFlowAuth) of **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**.

No other flows are currently supported.


### Baseline Security Provisions

#### Data Holders
The `request_uri` parameter is only supported if the Data Holder supports PAR.

In addition, the following statements are applicable to both the OIDC Hybrid Flow and Authorization Code Flow:

- Data Holders **MUST** request a user identifier that can uniquely identify the customer and that is already known by the customer in the redirected page
- Data Holders **MUST NOT** request that the customer enter an existing password in the redirected page
- Data Holders **MUST** provide a one-time password (OTP) to the customer through an existing channel or mechanism that the customer can then enter into the redirected page
- The delivery mechanism for the OTP is at the discretion of the Data Holder but **MUST** align to existing and preferred channels for the customer and **MUST NOT** introduce unwarranted friction into the authentication process
- Data Holders **SHOULD** implement additional controls to minimise the risk of interception of the OTP through the selected delivery mechanism
- The provided OTP **MUST** be used only for authentication for CDR based sharing and **MUST NOT** be usable for the authorisation of other transactions or actions
- The provided OTP **MUST** be invalidated after a period of time at the discretion of the Data Holder.  This expiry period **SHOULD** facilitate enough time for the customer to reasonably complete the authorisation process
- The provided OTP **MUST** be numeric digits and be between 4 and 6 digits in length
- The algorithm for the creation of the OTP is at the discretion of the Data Holder but **SHOULD** incorporate a level of pseudorandomness appropriate for the use case
- Data Holders **SHOULD** implement additional controls to minimise the risk of enumeration attacks via the redirect page

In line with CDR Rule 4.24 on restrictions when asking CDR consumers to authorise disclosure of CDR data, unwarranted friction for OTP delivery is considered to include:

- the addition of any requirements beyond normal data holder practices for verification code delivery
- providing or requesting additional information beyond normal data holder practices for verification code delivery
- offering additional or alternative services
- reference or inclusion of other documents

* Data Holders **MUST** support FAPI 1.0 Advanced Profile (**[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)**).
* Data Holders **MUST** support Authorization Code Flow.  

**From May 12th 2025**   

* Data Holders **SHALL** require the value of `response_type` described in [**[RFC6749]**](#nref-RFC6749) to be `code`


#### Data Recipient Software Products

**From 12th May 2025**, Data Recipient Software Products **SHALL ONLY** use `response_type` value `code` for authorisation requests.

The following statements are applicable to both the OIDC Hybrid Flow and Authorization Code Flow:

- Data Recipient Software Products **SHOULD** record the following information each time an authorisation flow is executed: username (consumer’s ID at the Data Recipient Software Product), timestamp, IP, consent scopes and duration.

* Data Recipient Software Products **SHOULD NOT** reuse "authorization_code" values, and if reused, it will be rejected.
* Data Recipient Software Products **MAY** send requests with a "x-fapi-customer-ip-address" header containing a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.
* Data Recipient Software Products **MUST** support FAPI 1.0 Advanced Profile (**[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)**).
* Data Recipient Software Products **MUST** use **[[RFC9126]](#nref-RFC9126)** (PAR) with **[[PKCE]](#nref-PKCE)** (**[[RFC7636]](#nref-RFC7636)**) and, if supported, **MUST** use S256 as the code challenge method.
* Data Recipient Software Products **SHOULD** use Authorization Code Flow.

### OIDC Hybrid Flow
The **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)** Hybrid Flow is a type of redirection flow where the consumer's user
agent is redirected from a Data Recipient Software Product’s (Relying Party) web site to a Data
Holder’s Authorisation end point in the context of an **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)** authentication
request. The OIDC Hybrid Flow incorporates aspects of the both the implicit flow and
authorisation code flow detailed under **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**.


Only a `response_type` (see [section 3.3](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#HybridFlowAuth) of **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**) of `code id_token` **SHALL** be allowed.

### Authorization Code Flow

The following statements are applicable for this flow:

* Only a `response_type` (see [section 3.1](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth) of **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**) of `code` **SHALL** be allowed.
* Data Holders **MUST** also support **[[JARM]](#nref-JARM)** and **[[PKCE]](#nref-PKCE)**

#### Data Holders
Data Holders **MUST** support **[[JARM]](#nref-JARM)** in accordance with **[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)** [section 5.2.2.2](https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2-1_0.html#jarm).

> **JWT Secured Authorization Response Mode for OAuth 2.0 (JARM)**
> Data Holders **MAY** support Authorisation Response encryption.
>
> However, at present, there is no confidential information in the authorization response, hence encryption of the authorization response is not required for the purposes of security or confidentiality. In addition, whilst response encryption **MAY** be used, to achieve greater interoperability, it is not recommended to use encryption in this case at this time.

In addition,

* Data Holders **MAY** advertise they do not support authorisation response encryption: either by omitting these values from their OpenID Provider Metadata, or by presenting an empty array for the supported parameters.
* If the Data Holder supports authorisation response encryption and the `authorization_encrypted_response_alg` is omitted from the registration request, the Data Holder **MAY** require response encryption by returning a client registration response with the chosen “authorization_encrypted_response_alg” value.

#### Data Recipient Software Products
Data Recipients **MUST** support **[[JARM]](#nref-JARM)** in accordance with **[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)** [section 5.2.3.2](https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2-1_0.html#jarm-1).

In addition,

* Data Recipients **MUST** request authorisation response signing using one of the `authorization_signing_alg_values_supported` values offered by the Data Holder.
* Data Recipients **MAY** request response encryption using one of the advertised encryption sets.
* Data Recipients **MAY** request no response encryption by omitting the values in their client registration.
* If `authorization_signed_response_alg` is omitted, the default algorithm is "PS256".


Additional requirements and guidelines for the authentication flows are contained in the [Consumer Experience](#consumer-experience) section.

Commit message:

Updated Security Profile to retire OIDC Hybrid Flow. This provides the end-state without any transitionary support requirements

slate/source/includes/security/_authentication_flows.md, after:

## Authentication Flows
This profile supports the authentication flows specified by [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html) **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)** as constrained further by **[[FAPI]](#iref-FAPI)**.


Authorization Code Flow outlined at [section 3.1](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth) of **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)** is supported.

No other flows are currently supported.

```diff
- Removed OIDC Hybrid Flow requirements. This authentication flow is no longer supported
```

### Baseline Security Provisions

#### Data Holders
The `request_uri` parameter is only supported if the Data Holder supports PAR.

In addition, the following statements apply:

- Data Holders **MUST** request a user identifier that can uniquely identify the customer and that is already known by the customer in the redirected page
- Data Holders **MUST NOT** request that the customer enter an existing password in the redirected page
- Data Holders **MUST** provide a one-time password (OTP) to the customer through an existing channel or mechanism that the customer can then enter into the redirected page
- The delivery mechanism for the OTP is at the discretion of the Data Holder but **MUST** align to existing and preferred channels for the customer and **MUST NOT** introduce unwarranted friction into the authentication process
- Data Holders **SHOULD** implement additional controls to minimise the risk of interception of the OTP through the selected delivery mechanism
- The provided OTP **MUST** be used only for authentication for CDR based sharing and **MUST NOT** be usable for the authorisation of other transactions or actions
- The provided OTP **MUST** be invalidated after a period of time at the discretion of the Data Holder.  This expiry period **SHOULD** facilitate enough time for the customer to reasonably complete the authorisation process
- The provided OTP **MUST** be numeric digits and be between 4 and 6 digits in length
- The algorithm for the creation of the OTP is at the discretion of the Data Holder but **SHOULD** incorporate a level of pseudorandomness appropriate for the use case
- Data Holders **SHOULD** implement additional controls to minimise the risk of enumeration attacks via the redirect page

In line with CDR Rule 4.24 on restrictions when asking CDR consumers to authorise disclosure of CDR data, unwarranted friction for OTP delivery is considered to include:

- the addition of any requirements beyond normal data holder practices for verification code delivery
- providing or requesting additional information beyond normal data holder practices for verification code delivery
- offering additional or alternative services
- reference or inclusion of other documents

* Data Holders **MUST** support FAPI 1.0 Advanced Profile (**[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)**).
* Data Holders **MUST** support Authorization Code Flow.  

**From May 12th 2025**   

* Data Holders **SHALL** require the value of `response_type` described in [**[RFC6749]**](#nref-RFC6749) to be `code`


#### Data Recipient Software Products

Data Recipient Software Products 

The following statements apply to Data Recipient Software Products:

- **SHALL ONLY** use `response_type` value `code` for authorisation requests.
- **MUST** support FAPI 1.0 Advanced Profile (**[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)**).
- **MUST** use **[[RFC9126]](#nref-RFC9126)** (PAR) with **[[PKCE]](#nref-PKCE)** (**[[RFC7636]](#nref-RFC7636)**) and, if supported, **MUST** use S256 as the code challenge method.
- **SHOULD** record the following information each time an authorisation flow is executed: username (consumer’s ID at the Data Recipient Software Product), timestamp, IP, consent scopes and duration.
- **SHOULD NOT** reuse "authorization_code" values, and if reused, it will be rejected.
- **MAY** send requests with a "x-fapi-customer-ip-address" header containing a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address.

### Authorization Code Flow

The following statements are applicable for this flow:

- Only a `response_type` (see [section 3.1](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth) of **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**) of `code` **SHALL** be allowed.
- Data Holders **MUST** also support **[[JARM]](#nref-JARM)** and **[[PKCE]](#nref-PKCE)**

#### Data Holders
Data Holders **MUST** support **[[JARM]](#nref-JARM)** in accordance with **[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)** [section 5.2.2.2](https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2-1_0.html#jarm).

> **JWT Secured Authorization Response Mode for OAuth 2.0 (JARM)**
> Data Holders **MAY** support Authorisation Response encryption.
>
> However, at present, there is no confidential information in the authorization response, hence encryption of the authorization response is not required for the purposes of security or confidentiality. In addition, whilst response encryption **MAY** be used, to achieve greater interoperability, it is not recommended to use encryption in this case at this time.

In addition,

* Data Holders **MAY** advertise they do not support authorisation response encryption: either by omitting these values from their OpenID Provider Metadata, or by presenting an empty array for the supported parameters.
* If the Data Holder supports authorisation response encryption and the `authorization_encrypted_response_alg` is omitted from the registration request, the Data Holder **MAY** require response encryption by returning a client registration response with the chosen “authorization_encrypted_response_alg” value.

#### Data Recipient Software Products
Data Recipients **MUST** support **[[JARM]](#nref-JARM)** in accordance with **[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)** [section 5.2.3.2](https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2-1_0.html#jarm-1).

In addition,

* Data Recipients **MUST** request authorisation response signing using one of the `authorization_signing_alg_values_supported` values offered by the Data Holder.
* Data Recipients **MAY** request response encryption using one of the advertised encryption sets.
* Data Recipients **MAY** request no response encryption by omitting the values in their client registration.
* If `authorization_signed_response_alg` is omitted, the default algorithm is "PS256".


Additional requirements and guidelines for the authentication flows are contained in the [Consumer Experience](#consumer-experience) section.
