slate/source/includes/security/_overview.md, before:


## Overview


This information security profile builds upon the foundations of the [Financial-grade API Advanced Profile](https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2-1_0.html) **[[FAPI-1.0-Advanced]](#nref-FAPI-1-0-Advanced)** and other standards relating to
[Open ID Connect 1.0](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html) **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**.

For information on the specific normative references that underpin this profile refer to the [Normative References section](#normative-references).

### Symbols and Abbreviated terms
- **API**: Application Programming Interface
- **CA**: Certificate Authority
- **CDR:** Consumer Data Right
- **CDR-SP**: Consumer Data Right Security Profile
- **CL**: Credential Level
- **DH:** Data Holder
- **DR:** Data Recipient
- **DRSP:** Data Recipient Software Product
- **DTA:** Digital Transformation Agency
- **FAPI:** Financial-grade API
- **FQDN:** Fully Qualified Domain Name
- **HoK:** Holder of Key
- **JSON:** The JavaScript Object Notation
- **JARM**: JWT Secured Authorization Response Mode
- **JWA:** JSON Web Algorithms
- **JWE:** JSON Web Encryption
- **JWK:** JSON Web Key
- **JWKS:** JSON Web Key Set
- **JWS:** JSON Web Signing
- **JWT:** JSON Web Token
- **IP:** Identity Proofing
- **LoA:** Level of Assurance
- **LoAs:** Levels of Assurance
- **MTLS:** Mutually Authenticated Transport Layer Security
- **OIDC:** Open ID Connect
- **PAR:** Pushed Authorisation Requests
- **PI:** Personal Information
- **PKCE:** Proof Key for Code Exchange
- **PKI:** Public Key Infrastructure
- **PPID:** Pairwise Pseudonymous Identifier
- **REST:** Representational State Transfer
- **SP:** Data Recipient Software Product
- **TLS:** Transport Layer Security

Commit message:

Standards 210: Partial staging of FAPI 2.0 related changes, uptil addition of Communications Protocol section.

slate/source/includes/security/_overview.md, after:


## Overview
```diff
Updated overview with FAPI 2.0 references
```


This information security profile specifies additional security and interoperability requirements in that consists of **[[RFC6749]](#nref-RFC6749)**, **[[RFC6750]](#nref-RFC6750)**, **[[RFC7636]](#nref-RFC7636)**, Open ID Connect 1.0 **[[OIDC]](#nref-OIDC)**, FAPI 2.0 Security Profile **[[FAPI-2.0-Security]](#nref-FAPI-2-0-Security-Profile)**, FAPI 2.0 Message Signing **[[FAPI-2.0-Message-Signing]](#nref-FAPI-2-0-Message-Signing)** and other specifications. 

This profile describes the additional requirements and constraints as a profiling of the FAPI 2.- Security Profile as described in section [5.1.2](https://openid.net/specs/fapi-security-profile-2_0-final.html#section-5.1.2) [FAPI-2.0-Security](#nref-FAPI-2-0-Security-Profile). 

For information on the specific normative references that underpin this profile refer to the [Normative References section](#normative-references).

### Symbols and Abbreviated terms
- **API**: Application Programming Interface
- **CA**: Certificate Authority
- **CDR:** Consumer Data Right
- **CDR-SP**: Consumer Data Right Security Profile
- **CL**: Credential Level
- **DH:** Data Holder
- **DR:** Data Recipient
- **DRSP:** Data Recipient Software Product
- **DTA:** Digital Transformation Agency
- **FAPI:** Financial-grade API
- **FQDN:** Fully Qualified Domain Name
- **HoK:** Holder of Key
- **JSON:** The JavaScript Object Notation
- **JARM**: JWT Secured Authorization Response Mode
- **JWA:** JSON Web Algorithms
- **JWE:** JSON Web Encryption
- **JWK:** JSON Web Key
- **JWKS:** JSON Web Key Set
- **JWS:** JSON Web Signing
- **JWT:** JSON Web Token
- **IP:** Identity Proofing
- **LoA:** Level of Assurance
- **LoAs:** Levels of Assurance
- **MTLS:** Mutually Authenticated Transport Layer Security
- **OIDC:** Open ID Connect
- **PAR:** Pushed Authorisation Requests
- **PI:** Personal Information
- **PKCE:** Proof Key for Code Exchange
- **PKI:** Public Key Infrastructure
- **PPID:** Pairwise Pseudonymous Identifier
- **REST:** Representational State Transfer
- **SP:** Data Recipient Software Product
- **TLS:** Transport Layer Security
